<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdex.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY irkick "<application>IRKick</application>">
  <!ENTITY kdelirc "<application>KDE LIRC</application>">
  <!ENTITY kappname "&irkick;">
  <!ENTITY package "kdeutils">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
]>

<book lang="&language;">
<bookinfo>

<title>&irkick;: The KDE LIRC Server Handbook</title>

<authorgroup>
<author>
<firstname>Gav</firstname>
<surname>Wood</surname>
<affiliation>
	<address><email>gav@kde.org</email></address>
</affiliation>
</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<date>2004-01-02</date>
<releaseinfo>1.0</releaseinfo>

<copyright>
<year>2004</year>
<holder>Gav Wood</holder>
</copyright>

<legalnotice>&FDLNotice;</legalnotice>

<abstract><para>&kdelirc; is the infrastructure for the KDE's
Infrared Remote Control functionality; &irkick; is the server
component of that infrastructure.</para></abstract>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>irkick</keyword>
<keyword>kdelirc</keyword>
<keyword>kcmlirc</keyword>
<keyword>lirc</keyword>
</keywordset>

</bookinfo>

<chapter id="introduction">
<title>Introduction</title>

<para>
&irkick; is a background server that provides the 'glue' between
the operating system and your KDE applications for the purpose of
controlling KDE applications with your infrared remote controls.
</para>

<para>
It has a configuration tool, which may be accessed either by the
KDE Control Center or directly from the menu of &irkick;.
</para>

<sect1 id="requirements">
<title>Requirements</title>

<para>
For the KDELirc framework to be utilised you must have setup a LIRC
on your KDE machine. If it is properly set up, the &irkick; icon in
the system tray will light up red. If not, it will be grey and crossed
out.
</para>

<para>
For more information about LIRC, visit their website at http://www.lirc.org.
</para>

</sect1>
</chapter>

<chapter id="using-irkick">
<title>Using &irkick;</title>

<para>
&irkick; provides one main function: When a button on a remote control is
pressed, it will temporarily become lit up. Aside from this &irkick; does
little for the user directly aside from telling them of the activity of their
remote controls.
</para>

<para>
Using the right-mouse-button menu, you can configure the KDE infrared remote
control framework.
</para>

</chapter>

<chapter id="credits">
<title>Credits and Licenses</title>

<para>&kdelirc;: The KDE LIRC Framework Copyright (c) 2004 Gav Wood
<email>gav@kde.org</email>.</para>

<!-- TRANS:CREDIT_FOR_TRANSLATORS -->

&underFDL;
&underGPL;

</chapter>

<appendix id="installation">
<title>Installation</title>

&install.intro.documentation;
&install.compile.documentation;

</appendix>
</book>

<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-minimize-attributes:nil
sgml-general-insert-case:lower
sgml-indent-step:0
sgml-indent-data:nil
End:

// vim:ts=2:sw=2:tw=78:noet
-->
